modules: openthread: Introduce psa_key_allocator. (#20852)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Thread
------

* Added:

  * Support for storing the Thread key materials in the :ref:`ug_ot_thread_security_kmu`.

>   * :ref:`ug_ot_thread_security` user guide to describe the security features of the |NCS| OpenThread implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The :ref:`ug_ot_thread_security` user guide describing the security features of the |NCS| OpenThread implementation.
```
